## Object Tracking

榜单列表：

https://paperswithcode.com/task/visual-object-tracking

https://paperswithcode.com/task/multiple-object-tracking

https://paperswithcode.com/task/online-multi-object-tracking 



## **Visual Object Tracking**

**Tracking Holistic Object Representations**

论文地址：https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.12920v2

代码地址: https://github.com/xl-sr/THOR

> Recent advances in visual tracking are based on siamese feature extractors and template matching. For this category of trackers, latest research focuses on better feature embeddings and similarity measures. In this work, we focus on building holistic object representations for tracking. We propose a framework that is designed to be used on top of previous trackers without any need for further training of the siamese network. The framework leverages the idea of obtaining additional object templates during the tracking process. Since the number of stored templates is limited, our method only keeps the most diverse ones. We achieve this by providing a new diversity measure in the space of siamese features. The obtained representation contains information beyond the ground truth object location provided to the system. It is then useful for tracking itself but also for further tasks which require a visual understanding of objects. Strong empirical results on tracking benchmarks indicate that our method can improve the performance and robustness of the underlying trackers while barely reducing their speed. In addition, our method is able to match current state-of-the-art results, while using a simpler and older network architecture and running three times faster.



**SiamRPN++: Evolution of Siamese Visual Tracking with Very Deep Networks**

论文地址：http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2018/papers/Li_High_Performance_Visual_CVPR_2018_paper.pdf

代码地址: https://github.com/STVIR/pysot

> Visual object tracking has been a fundamental topic in recent years and many deep learning based trackers have achieved state-of-the-art performance on multiple benchmarks. However, most of these trackers can hardly get top performance with real-time speed. In this paper, we propose the Siamese region proposal network (Siamese-RPN) which is end-to-end trained off-line with large-scale image pairs. Specifically, it consists of Siamese subnetwork for feature extraction and region proposal subnetwork including the classification branch and regression branch. In the inference phase, the proposed framework is formulated as a local one-shot detection task. We can pre-compute the template branch of the Siamese subnetwork and formulate the correlation layers as trivial convolution layers to perform online tracking. Benefit from the proposal refinement, traditional multi-scale test and online fine-tuning can be discarded. The Siamese-RPN runs at 160 FPS while achieving leading performance in VOT2015, VOT2016 and VOT2017 real-time challenges.



**SiamMask: Fast Online Object Tracking and Segmentation: A Unifying Approach**

论文地址：https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.05050v2

代码地址: https://github.com/STVIR/pysot

> In this paper we illustrate how to perform both visual object tracking and semi-supervised video object segmentation, in real-time, with a single simple approach. Our method, dubbed SiamMask, improves the offline training procedure of popular fully-convolutional Siamese approaches for object tracking by augmenting their loss with a binary segmentation task. Once trained, SiamMask solely relies on a single bounding box initialisation and operates online, producing class-agnostic object segmentation masks and rotated bounding boxes at 55 frames per second. Despite its simplicity, versatility and fast speed, our strategy allows us to establish a new state of the art among real-time trackers on VOT-2018, while at the same time demonstrating competitive performance and the best speed for the semi-supervised video object segmentation task on DAVIS-2016 and DAVIS-2017. The project website is [this http URL](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~qwang/SiamMask).



## Multiple Object Tracking

**Simple Online and Real-time Tracking with a Deep Association Metric**

论文地址：https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.07402v1

 代码地址: https://github.com/nwojke/deep_sort

> Simple Online and Realtime Tracking (SORT) is a pragmatic approach to multiple object tracking with a focus on simple, effective algorithms. In this paper, we integrate appearance information to improve the performance of SORT. Due to this extension we are able to track objects through longer periods of occlusions, effectively reducing the number of identity switches. In spirit of the original framework we place much of the computational complexity into an offline pre-training stage where we learn a deep association metric on a large-scale person re-identification dataset. During online application, we establish measurement-to-track associations using nearest neighbor queries in visual appearance space. Experimental evaluation shows that our extensions reduce the number of identity switches by 45%, achieving overall competitive performance at high frame rates.



## On-line Multi-Object Tracking

**Real-time Multiple People Tracking with Deeply Learned Candidate Selection and Person Re-Identification**

论文地址: https://arxiv.org/abs/1809.04427

代码地址: https://github.com/longcw/MOTDT

> Online multi-object tracking is a fundamental problem in time-critical video analysis applications. A major challenge in the popular tracking-by-detection framework is how to associate unreliable detection results with existing tracks. In this paper, we propose to handle unreliable detection by collecting candidates from outputs of both detection and tracking. The intuition behind generating redundant candidates is that detection and tracks can complement each other in different scenarios. Detection results of high confidence prevent tracking drifts in the long term, and predictions of tracks can handle noisy detection caused by occlusion. In order to apply optimal selection from a considerable amount of candidates in real-time, we present a novel scoring function based on a fully convolutional neural network, that shares most computations on the entire image. Moreover, we adopt a deeply learned appearance representation, which is trained on large-scale person re-identification datasets, to improve the identification ability of our tracker. Extensive experiments show that our tracker achieves real-time and state-of-the-art performance on a widely used people tracking benchmark.

